Chapter 3: Midnight Raids

Scene 1: Entering the bar
[Open to village night scene]
[Devan, Ronni, Kenneth and Brock onscreen]
Devan: "Stay here you three. I need to handle some business."
[Devan leaves]
Kenneth: "...He's going to the bar. What business does he have there?"
Ronni: "He's probably going to get smashed. Devan's a heavy drinker don't ya know?"
Kenneth: "What?!"
Ronni: "Just kidding. There's someone Devan's looking for, and he's probably in the bar."
Brock: "Who would that be?"
Ronni: "Well..."

Scene 2: A tip from Colton
[Scene change to bar]
Colton: "Ahh, that's the stuff. I needed a break."
[Devan onscreen]
Devan: "Ah Colton, I thought I'd find you here."
Colton: "Congratulations, you found me. I suppose you're here to discuss the recent...events going in the country?"
Devan: "That's correct. I need you to tell me where these bandits are hiding. And if you don't know, tell me where I can find someone who does."
Colton: "One problem: The guy you want to mess with is tough stuff. He killed Abigail single handedly! How do you intend to kill him?"
Devan: "I've had some new additions to my group that should even the odds. Even if I didn't have their help, I can't just do nothing."
Colton: "...Okay then, answer me this: Why?"
Devan: "Why what?"
Colton: "Why do you even bother fighting for this gods forsaken hellhole? The very people you save, if you manage to save anyone, sooner or later become 
    the very thing you saved them from. It's an endless cycle that's not worth fighting for. So why fight?"
Devan: "...Speaking honesty... It's all I know. As I grew up, my uncle taught me how to fight for Duramontis, how to be the closest thing to noble this
    country can have, and how not to quit. The last one especially. I can't quit. If I do, I wouldn't be any better than..."
Colton: "Duchess Lisa?"
Devan: "Yes, that's why I continue to fight this endless war... Though, the real test is if I'll be able to say that years from now."
Colton: "So, presently speaking, there's no talking you out of this?"
Devan: "No."
Colton: "You never fail to impress me with that rediculous determination of yours. You might just live through fighting Gregory."
Devan: "So that's his name... I take it this means you'll help?"
Colton: "Sure does. But if you die, I'm out."
Devan: "Noted."

Scene 3: "Rest for the weary"
[scene change to village at night]
[Ronni and Brock onscreen]
Ronni: "There they are."
[Devan and Colton onscreen]
Ronni: "Hey Colton, Been a while, hasn't it?"
Colton: "Right. I remember you... You're the golpher right?"
Ronni: "Eh. Better than being a rat."
Devan: "Enough you two. Colton, where is Gregory hiding?"
Colton: "All in good time friend. I need to take care of some things, and you probably need to rest, what with you running back and forth through the mountains and all."
Devan: "Should you really be keeping the location a surprise? If you tell us now, we could just prepare and you wouldn't even have to go with us."
Colton: "I most certainly am going with you. Can you imagine how much loot Gregory has? Besides, there's no way to prepare for where we're going."
Devan: "...Fine. We'll be staying at the inn. Meet us there at dawn."
Colton: "*sigh* Not even enough time to get over my hangover...? Alright, see you at dawn."
[Colton leaves]
Brock: "So, we're taking it easy tonight?"
Devan: "I guess so."

Scene 4: Lost loved ones
(Later in the rooms)
[Scene change to inside a house]
[Kenneth and Anthony onscreen]
Anthony: "Man, it's been a long time since I lied in a bed."
Kenneth: "..."
Anthony: "Still in there kid? You've been staring at those stars a long time."
Kenneth: "...Yeah. I'm just thinking about my sister. She probably calmed down over my running away by now."
Anthony: "Ran away to join the army eh?"
Kenneth: "I'm not proud of it, but I had to become independant somehow. Why not like this?"
Anthony: "And what do your parents think about your disappering act?"
Kenneth: "My parents died in a fire when I was five. Since then, Brittany's the closest thing I have to a parent."
Anthony: "I see... She must really miss you then. I understand the feeling."
Kenneth: "You understand the feeling?"
Anthony: "I guess I should tell you. You know how bandits are usally poor people that have to turn to crime to feed their families, and that I was a bandit?"
Kenneth: "Oh. I never even thought about you having a family..."
Anthony: "Oh, I did. I was married to the most amazing woman. And my daughter was the cutest little thing. ...It must have been about two years since then."
Kenneth: "It's okay if you don't want to tell me Anthony."
Anthony: "No, you told me about your family. It's only fair I tell you about mine. Like most people here, we fell on hard times. I couldn't sell any produce
    and eventually we had to eat our cattle. After that, We still couldn't find a way to feed ourselves, so I threw my lot in with the bandits. For a while
    things were fine. Our little girl had food in her belly. But it wasn't long until my wife found out what I was doing. She was disgusted. Even said she
    was ashamed to call me her husband. After that, she took our daughter and left. After about a month, I had finally found some work, and went to find
    them. It took me some time, but I found them...in the graveyard."
Kenneth: "..."
Anthony: "My wife choose to starve instead of eating food paid for by blood stained coin. After that, I decided to try atoning for my crimes. My wife and daughter 
    belived in the gods. Maybe if I serve them, I'll end up in the same place my family did when I die. That's why I enlisted in the army, it's the best thing I
    can do to make up for what I did."
Kenneth: "...I'm sorry. That must have been horrible."
Anthony: "Don't worry about. It was a long time ago."
Kenneth: "...You know. My sister always told me that our parents are among the stars watching us from above. Maybe your wife and daughter are watching you too."
Anthony: "..."
[Anthony walks to the window]
kenneth: "I need to get something. Be right back."
Anthony: "...They're watching us huh. ...Lauren, Tina, are you there?"

[Refresh house scene]
[Ronni and Julianne onscreen]
Julianne: "......"
Ronni: "What are you doing?"
Julianne: "Pre-sleep exercises. Solders in Cassis normally do them to relax themselves before turning in."
Ronni: "Soldering it up even to bed. You haven't been with us anymore than a week, and you act more like a solder than Devan."
Julianne: "Really? Thanks."
Ronni: "That wasn't a compliment... If you ask me, you're taking things a little too seriously. Sometimes you should just let loose."
Julianne: "Exactly. That's why I'm doing stretches."
Ronni: "..."
Julianne: "I'm only joking. But really, I'm this way because I always wanted to be a solder."
Ronni: "That's quite the ambition. Mind if I ask why? Being a solder isn't really that nice a job."
Julianne: "For you maybe, but for me, it's like being a part of something bigger. And it also just...feels right. Probably because it's in my blood."
Ronni: "So, you're grandmother wasn't the only solder in the family?"
Julianne: "Not at all. My father was a captain in the Cassis army and my mother a pegasus knight in Duramontis. My great aunt's also in the cassis military. ...Was in the cassis 
    military."
Ronni: "That's pretty impressive. My dad was just a hunter and my mom was Devan's maid."
Julianne: "Is that how you got to the point where you don't refer to Lord devan by his title?"
Ronni: "Yup. After I became Devan's retainer, I tried using his title, but it was just too weird, so I only use it in publc. He doesn't seem to mind though."
Julianne: "Well, I'm turning in, and you should too. We have to be up bright and early tomorrow morning."
Ronni: "Right, right. You must be a hoot at slumber parties."

Chapter: "The two princes"
[Highlight Devan next to the inn on the map]
[Change scene to village at night]
[Devan onscreen]
Devan: "...Hmm..."
[Brock moves towards Devan]
[Brock onscreen]
Brock: "So this is where you went off to. You should be getting some sleep."
Devan: "I could say the same to you."
Brock: "What are you thinking about?"
Devan: "Everything I guess."
Brock: "That's a lot of thinking. Mind sharing?"
Devan: "There's just a lot going on. These new bandits, you passing through on a war mission. It's a disturbing amount to take in."
Brock: "Yeah. The war. You know, my father seems to be dead set on removing the empire's grip. He's even willing to make a deal with the devil."
Devan: "Should you be telling me this?"
Brock: "Probably not but-"
Devan: "Wait. Did you hear that?"
Brock: "...No...I don't think so."
Devan: "Come out! I know you're there!"
(A shadow runs by.)
Brock: "A spy? No, probably a bandit."
Devan: "I bet they have this place swarmed."
Brock: "I'll keep watch. Go get the solders."
[Devan runs to the inn, then the player units take position]
[Highlight the boss in the shadows]
Boss: "How did they know we're here? Quick kill them while they're groggy!"
(Battle start)
{On player phase 1}
    [Highlight Brock]
    Brock: "It's pitch black. How are we supposed to fight if we can't see the enemy?"
    Devan: "Don't worry. It should be happening any moment now..."
    [Torches show up at the houses]
    Brock: "The villagers are lighting their homes? Not that I'm ungrateful, but why?"
    Devan: "This is bandit country. For these people, lighting up a village during a night raid is as routine eating breakfast."
    Brock: "Okay then... We shouldn't keep those bandits waiting."
    Devan: "Right!"
    
{On player phase 2}
    [Move camera to house]
    [Colton walks out of the house]
    Colton: "You have got to be kidding me! Can't I catch a break?"
    [Lucy leaves the house and stands next to Colton]
    Lucy: "You mean to tell me that in the country infamous for bandit raids, you didn't plan for a bandit raid?"
    Colton: "Oh shut up. We have to get moving. Maybe if we leave now, we won't get caught in the fighting."
    Lucy: "No. We are not leaving. You said that the army was here, and I'm going to join them."
    Colton: "Ugh. Fine. We probably won't make it anyway."
    [Colton and Lucy join the army]
    
    
Talk convos {

    Devan and Colton:
        Devan: "Colton? I'm surprised to see you on the battlefield."
        Colton: "Yeah, you and me both. Trust me, it wasn't by choice."
        Devan: "Does that girl over there have anything to do with it?"
        Colton: "You mean Lucy? Yeah, she's the reason. Long story short, she killed someone and wants a pardon."
        Devan: "I'll talk to her about it later. Make sure not to get yourself killed."
        Colton: "So, does that mean I can leave for now?"
        Devan: "Try, and I'll maim you."
        Colton: "Right... This is such a terrible day..."

    Devan and Lucy:
        Lucy: "Excuse me, are you The Duke?"
        Devan: "I am. you should get somewere safe. We'll handle these thugs."
        Lucy: "Actually, I was hoping to join you. Colton said you could use some help."
        Devan: "Colton you say...? Why are you so eager to join?"
        Lucy: "Oh...I was hoping you could pardon a crime of mine..."
        Devan: "Alright... We'll discuss this later."
        

    Brock and Julianne:
        Brock: "How are you holding up Julianne?"
        Julianne: "Prince Brock! I'm holding up fine sire."
        Brock: "Alright. Just keep in mind I'll be around if you need any help."
        Julianne: "No, I couldn't ask you to help me. What kind of solder would I be if I did that?"
        Brock: "One that knows her limits. I'd hate for anything to happen to you during your first battle."
        Julianne: "Don't concern yourself with that sire. It's my duty to keep you and Lord Devan safe from danger."
        Brock: "And Devan asked me to keep an eye on you. Remember: You're no good to your liege dead."
        Julianne: "Yes, Your Highness. Look! there's a few bandits now!"
        [Julianne leaves]
        Brock: "And there she goes. That girl's going to be a great wyvern knight someday. I just wonder for whom..."
}
(Battle end)
[Load village night scene]
[Devan Colton and Lucy onscreen]
Devan: "And that's the last of them."
Lucy: "(Okay, it's now or never.) Um, Duke De-"
Devan: "Lord Devan."
Lucy: "Oh, um, Lord Devan, I was wondering if I could join the army."
Devan: "You don't sound so sure. Why do you want to join?"
Lucy: "Oh, well I-"
Colton: "She killed her owner and want's an aquittal."
Devan: "Killed her- You don't have anything to worry about, slavery's illegal in Duramontis. If you killed the slaver then you saved me some trouble."
Lucy: "Really?"
Colton: "Since when was slavery illegal?"
Devan: "Since Queen Friedegard made the law abolishing it. I suppose not having law enforcement would make the law easier to forget... Or ignore."
Lucy: "So...I won't have to stay in hiding anymore?"
Devan: "Yes, That's right. That also means that you're free to go where you want. Though there aren't many safe places anymore..."
Lucy: "I think I'll stay with Colton."
Colton: "What?"
Lucy: "Yeah. I'm sure you could use a magic user, right?"
Devan: "Magic would be a useful asset. But are you willing to enlist in the army?"
Colton: "Why would she need to enlist if she's staying with me...? Oh no."
Devan: "Colton, consider yourself conscripted. Come on, we need to get to- Where are we going again?"
Colton: "The Cutthroat peaks..."
Devan: "I should have guessed. It's the best place to hide from calvalry. Well, we've wasted enough time here. Let's get moving."
[Devan leaves]
Lucy: "Colton? Are you okay? You need to stop drinking so often, you look pale."
Colton: "I'm not pale because of the drink..."

[Change to plains night scene]
[Devan and Brock onscreen]
Devan: "Brock?"
Brock: "Yeah?"
Devan: "You have a forboding look on your face. Is something wrong?"
Brock: "Remember I was telling you about how the war is going, and that my father is dealing with people that he shouldn't?"
Devan: "Yes..."
Brock: "He and the (Bow country) Republic allowed people from (Dark country) to start searching the land for some artifacts from the champions' time."
Devan: "What for?"
Brock: "I don't know, but the only relics from then caused us nothing but trouble."
Devan: "Well, the sacred weapons did save our continent."
Brock: "Yes, but the champions themselves changed when they returned from their quest. Even Friedegard wasn't the same peacful woman she was before she became
    a champion."
Devan: "We aren't even sure if it was becoming champions that changed them. We aren't even sure they changed at all. It was so long ago."
Brock: "Maybe, but one thing was certain: The sacred weapons caused the champions to go bloodthirsty in battle. Who's to say there aren't other things that have
    the same effect?"
Devan: "Do you think the other relics are sealed away like the sacred weapons?"
Brock: "I hope not. Then that'd would be another thing under the empire's control."
Devan: "Tiberius wouldn't use the sacred weapons... Would he?'
Brock: "He's a man at war. And if my father's anything to go by, he'll be willing to do anything to win, even break the continental laws."
Devan: "Is your father really willing to go that far?"
Brock: "Yes, And I hope to the gods that he doesn't have to."
