Introduction:
(To be started)

Chapter 1:
Devan (Eyes closed): "...zzzzz....."
*Knock on the door*
Ronni (out of screen): "Hey Devan, there's a bandit attack going on over in Tristan!"
Devan (Eyes open): "...mmm...ugh..."
Ronni: "You might want to get up sometime today, those bandits probably won't wait for you to finish your nap."
Devan: "...Tell the troops we sortie in fifteen minutes."
Ronni: "Roger!"
(Five minutes later, in the main hall)
Issac: "Ah Devan, you're awake. I take it you heard about the raid in Tristan?"
Devan: "Yes Uncle, I heard. I'm leaving in about ten minutes. Of course the raid had to happen while I was in the middle of the best sleep
    I had in weeks."
Issac: "Well, the raiders never seemed to be concerned with stealing on a schedule. Before you leave, you should get something to eat."
Devan: "I'll be fine. I'll just eat some jerky on the way or something. I'm going to the barroks to check on the troops. While I'm gone hold down the fort."
Issac: "Alright. Safe travels."
(A few minutes later in the barroks)
Devan: "Ronni!"
Ronni: [Appears onscreen]: Yeah?
Devan: "How are the preperations to leave going?"
Ronni: "Great... 'cept for Kenny."
Devan: "Let me guess: He's getting the shakes."
Ronni: "Yup."
Devan: "*sigh*... I'll handle it."
[Refresh, add Kenneth, then Devan to scene]
Devan: "Kenneth."
Kenneth [Turns to face Devan]: "Ah... Duke Devan!"
Devan: "How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that? It Sounds like the title of some children's song."
Kenneth: "Oh. I'm sorry Lord Devan."
Devan: "Nevermind that. I heard you're getting cold feet?"
Kenneth: "Well...yes since this is my first sortie..."
Devan: "What's the problem? The idea of killing on the battle field? The possibility of being killed?
    An injury so bad that it would be better to die?"
Kenneth: "That's about the gist of it, yes."
Devan: "If that's all your worried about then you should be fine."
Kenneth: "Wait, there's more to be worried about?"
Devan: "Kenneth, why did you join my company?"
Kenneth: "To prove to my sister that I can take care of myself."
Devan: "If that's the case you made a poor decision. Don't worry, The only people that died under my command were either too brave or too stupid to 
    follow orders. You're neither, so you should be fine."
Kenneth: "Um...thanks?"
Devan: "Now finish getting ready, we're about to leave."
(Departure time outside)
[Devan and Ronni onscreen]
Ronni: "We're ready to go Devan."
Devan: "Alright! As you know Tristan is currently being raided by bandits! By the time we get to there, the bandits will already be gone, so we'll be 
    cutting them off at Edmund's pass! Understood??"
Solders: "Yes sir!"
Devan: "Alright. Foward!"
(At Edmund's pass)
[Ronni onscreen]
Ronni: "Lord Devan, I found some tracks!"
[Devan onscreen]
Devan: "They're fresh. We just missed them. Tell the rear guard to protect the village. We'll be able to chase the raiders faster with fewer numbers."
Ronni: "Aye aye."
[Ronni leaves]
(Elsewhere...)
Kenneth: "(Whew, no bandits. Maybe I can stay with the rear guard)."
[Anthony appears]
Anthony: "Hey new blood."
Kenneth: "Huh?"
Anthony: "Heh, you've got a relieved look on your face. You really think you're staying with the rear guard?"
Kenneth: "Well, I mean, it would make sense since this is my first time."
Anthony: "You got a horse kid?"
Kenneth: "Uh...yes."
Anthony: "You're going with the advance squad. All mounted solders are a part of the advance squad."
Kenneth: "Oh..."
Anthony: "Don't worry kid, I'm going too, so maybe you won't get yourself killed. Name's Anthony by the way."
Kenneth: "...Kenneth."
[Anthony leaves]
Kenneth "...Well there goes that. Come on Kenny, you can do this. Show Brittany that you can handle yourself."
(A few hours later)
[Open field scene Devan onscreen]
Devan: "This is it. I can see some stragglers. Kenneth, Ronni, Anthony, you're with me. The rest of you, handle the surrounding area."
(Battle start)
Talk convos {
Devan and Ronni:
    Ronni: "..."
    Devan: "..."
    Ronni: "...So, Are we going to talk or something?"
    Devan: "About what? We're in the middle of a skirmish."
    Ronni: "Given our experience we should be able to talk and fight at the same time. Tell me about what you were dreaming about earlier today."
    Devan: "It wasn't anything special, just a peaceful day without having to fight a perpectual war against obscene crime."
    Ronni: "Right, simple stuff. Can you imagine life without having to fight? We'd be able to worry about normal things... That'd be nice."
    Devan: "There's no point in fantasizing about something that's never happening. I'm pressing on, make sure to not get flanked."
    [Devan leaves]
    Ronni: "I think this is getting him..."

Devan and Kenneth:
    Kenneth: "Whew."
    [Devan approches]
    Devan: "Getting tired already?"
    Kenneth: "Oh, ah. No sir. I'm good to go for hours."
    Devan: "I was talking more about your mental state. This is your first battle after all."
    Kenneth: "Well...in that case, I'm doing pretty bad I guess. I'm amazed I haven't thrown up."
    Devan: "For someone so uncomfortable with fighting, you're awfully skilled with weaponry."
    Kenneth: "That's thanks to my sister. She's a knight in the holy kingdom, she tought me how to use a sword and lance
        mostly for self defense. The time I spent training with the other recruits helped me polish those skills."
    Devan: "I see... Then in that case maybe I can rely on you to keep up with me. Let's go."
    Kenneth: "Yes sir!"
    [Kenneth leaves]
    Devan: "Oh, and kenneth!"
    [Kenneth comes back]
    Kenneth: "Yes?"
    Devan: "You probably should use your sword against the brigands instead of that lance."
    Kenneth: "Oh. Oops. Hehe..."

Kenneth and Ronni:
    Ronni: "Hey Kenny, how're you holding up?"
    Kenneth: "About as well as expected I guess."
    Ronni: "I wouldn't worry if I were you, these are just a few bandit stragglers. They normally don't come in such small numbers.
        Just make sure not to go too far ahead and you should be fine."
    Kenneth: "Say Ronni, how long have you been in the Duramontis army?"
    Ronni: "Oh, about three years give or take a month. Why?"
    Kenneth: "That long huh? I'm not sure I can handle this for that long, and be so laid back about it no less."
    Ronni: "It gets easier to deal with in time. Though I suppose that doesn't apply to Devan"
    Kenneth: "You're on a first name basis with Lord Devan?"
    Ronni: "Woops. Didn't mean to let that slip. Yeah, we knew each other since we were kids. We met about a year before Devan
        inherited the throne and- Oh! There goes a bandit. Let's talk about this later."
    [Ronni leaves]
    Kenneth: "...Did she just ride towards the enemy ahead of me?"

Anthony and Kenneth:
    Kenneth: "Hey Anthony."
    Anthony: "Yeah kid?"
    Kenneth: "I was thinking about what you said earlier. About mounted solders being in the advance team."
    Anthony: "And?"
    Kenneth: "Why are you here? You don't ride a horse or seem to be a commander. Wouldn't it make more sense for you
        to guard the village with the infantry?"
    Anthony: "Maybe, but I have somethin' very useful for huntin' down bandits."
    Kenneth: "What?"
    Anthony: "Experience workin' with em."
    Kenneth: "You mean you used to be a raider?"
    Anthony: "Yup. Just like the men you see here, I got in a bad way and turned to pillaging as a source of food."
    Kenneth: "So, how did you end up working for Lord Devan?"
    Anthony: "It's a long story, and we don't have the time. Tell ya what? If you live long enough, I might tell it you."
    Kenneth: "I'll try."
}

Boss quote (Normal): "You must be pretty brave to come up to me like this. Oh well, time to remove your head."
Boss quote (Dead): "...I, I know this taste ...My blood? But I..."

End sequence (Chapter 1):
[Devan, Ronni and bandit onscreen]
Devan: "I don't have much time to waste, so I'll be blunt. Where are the rest of the bandits going?"
Bandit: "..."
Devan: "Not saying anything huh? You don't have any reason to not tell me. You have the choice between a slow agonizing death or a rare display of mercy.
    Which one will it be?"
Bandit: "...All they told me was that we were headed north."
Devan: "Thank you... Execute him, and make it swift.
Bandit: "Wait, what! No! NOOO!"
[Bandit offscreen]
Ronni: "Man, I hate it when you do that."
Devan: "..."
[Cut to Kenneth and Anthony]
Kenneth: "My gods... What did I just see?"
Anthony: "About the norm I'd say. Oh, that's right, you're new."
Kenneth: "Didn't Lord Devan say he would show that bandit mercy?"
Anthony: "Yeah, he did. Normally when he has someone executed, the death is very long and drown out. That sucker's going to die a fast death."
Kenneth: "But we captured him! Shouldn't we imprison him and make him stand trial?"
[Devan and Ronni come onscreen]
Devan: "Trust me, it's never worth the trouble."
Kenneth: "Lord Devan!"
Devan: "If we have them stand trial they will still die for their crimes. The only difference is that their families will get more involved than usual. And no one
    Likes dealing with that."
Kenneth: "Wait, you mean these bandits have families? how many?"
Anthony: "Just about all of 'em."
Kenneth: "If these men have families to take care of, why did they become... bandits..."
Ronni: "Yeah, pretty sad huh? This nation is so poor that a lot of regular people have to resort to banditry to feed their themselves and their families."
Devan: "It's been like this for generations, and I don't see it getting better anytime soon."
Kenneth: "That's terrible."
Anthony: "That's the state of our country. Sorry kid, I don't like it any more than you do, maybe even less, but that's just how it is."
Devan: "Anthony, do you know of any bandit hideouts north of here?"
Anthony: "Yeah, there were a few old places. Let me get a map."
[Anthony leaves]
Devan: "Ronni, you coming?"
Ronni: "Nah. I think I'll talk to Kenny for a bit."
Devan: "Alright."
[Devan leaves]
Kenneth: "Forced to fight your own people on a regular basis... No wonder the military is so somber. And Lord Devan... Hey Ronni, why does Lord Devan let
    you speak so casually to him?"
Ronni: "Hmm? I guess I droped the title a bit too much eh? Well, It was about seven years ago when we met. Devan was a year away from inheriting the throne-"
Kenneth: "Lord Devan asended to the throne at age eleven?"
Ronni: "Yup. Anyway, my family was poor, so when my mom was offered a job at the castle it was basically a no-brainer. After we moved into the servant's quarters
    I decided to do some exploring."
Kenneth: "You mean snooping around in places you weren't supposed to be?"
Ronni: "Yes. While I was 'snooping' I found Devan working on his lance arm. He was so focused on the dummy he didn't notice me come in. He was wearing 
    training armor so I thought he was a recruit, so I decided to...ah...teach him the importance of the element of surprise."
Kenneth: "You snuck up on Lord Devan?"
Ronni: "You like asking questions with obvious answers don't you?"
Kenneth: "Oh, sorry."
Ronni: "Moving on... I got a little closer to Devan, stayed just out of spear range and then said hi. Turns out I underestimated His reach. He turned around
    and swept his lance at my feet knocking me down. Then he pointed it at me demanding to know who I was. While I laughed at him he prodded his lance at my chest 
    accusing me of being a thief. It then dawned on me that I was talking to the young prince of the castle. I asked who he was, he answered, then I explained 
    myself. After getting a very long lecture from my mom for almost making her lose her new job, Devan and I started the slow process of becoming freinds.
Devan [Offscreen]: "Ronni! Kenneth! We're leaving!"
Ronni: "Welp, there's the call of duty. Better get going."
[Ronni leaves]
Kenneth: "...So Lord Devan was on edge even at a young age."
