(Later on the way to the Cuthroat peaks)
[Plains scene]
[Devan, Ronni, Colton and Julianne onscreen]
Ronni: "Wait... I know this road. ...We're going to the Cuthroat Peaks?"
Devan: "Yes"
Julianne: "That's where the bandits are?"
Colton: "Uh huh. it's the perfect place when you think about it. The only military that can navigate it belongs to Cassis."
Julianne: "I know. My grandma went there a few times back when she was captain. The peaks are very rough and cragy."
Devan: "Abigail went to Cuthroat Peaks when she was in the military? Why?"
Julianne: "Flying exercises. The peaks are a perfect obsticle course for wyverns."
Ronni: "Makes sense. Pegasus knights used that place for the same reason."
Julianne: "Maybe Cirrus and I should fly around the peaks later."
Colton: "Sure, you can do that later. But right now, we need to activate the hidden door over there."
[Scene change to mountains]
Ronni: "Oh, we're here already."
Colton: "Yup. Now I need to turn this rock and press right here... There!"
[Sounds of a cave opening]
Ronni: "Aannnd it's blocked. Well done Colton."
Colton: "Shut up. The bandits must have filled in all the entrances I know about."
Devan: "Alright. Everyone stand back. Brock! I'm going to need your help!"
(A bit later)
[Devan and Brock onscreen]
Brock: "Ready?"
Devan: "Ready!"
Brock: "One!"
Devan: "Two!"
Brock: "Three!"
(They both rush the door)
[Loud crashing sounds]
[Clear onscreen characters]
[Kenneth, Ronni, and Julianne onscreen]
Kenneth: "Woah. I heard about the champion blood bearers being strong, but I've never seen anything like that."
Julianne: "I can't believe they can just pick up a tree trunk like that."
Ronni: "Eh, it's about normal. I guess I got used ot Devan picking up Solders and tossing 'em around."
Devan (Offscreen): "Come on! The way is clear!"
Ronni: "Right, right."
[Scene change to ...More mountains (Why did I start typing this?)]
[Devan, Brock and Colton onscreen]
Colton: "This is it. The place we're looking for is right across that clearing."
[Display map and show bandits moblizing around the clearing]
Brock: "So they're trying to ambush us... This time they won't get away. Devan! Give the order!"
Devan: "Alright... Forward!"
(Battle start)
