Chapter 2: Worst case scenario

[Open to camp scene]
[Devan, Anthony and Kenneth onscreen]
Devan: "Gentlemen."
Kenneth: "Lord Devan."
Anthony: "What're the new orders?"
Devan: "Well as you know, searching around the old bandit hideouts lead us nowhere, so now we're going to be checking the villages starting with Evans."
Anthony: "Evans? what bandit in their right mind would hide there?"
Devan: "None, which is precisly why I want to do a sweep of the area. Maybe Abigail will be willing to give us a bird's eye view."
Kenneth: "Hold on. Why would the bandits not want to go to Evans? And who's Abigail?"
Anthony: "I can answer both questions at once. Abigail's an old general from Cassis. She retired early to take care of her granddaughter. Everyone in Duramontis
    knows not to mess with her."
Devan: "Thanks to her, Evans has the lowest crime rate in the country. Aside from the capitol of course."
Kenneth: "She sounds tough. But why live in Duramontis instead of Cassis or the empire? Wouldn't they be safer locations?"
Anthony: "No idea, but I reckon she's safe just about anywhere she goes."
Devan: "well, regardless of where she lives we're still checking Evans. While we're at it we-"
Ronni (Offscreen): "Hey, Lord Devan!"
[Ronni onscreen]
Devan: "Hello Ronni, how was your hunting trip? Get any venison perchance?"
Anthony: "My money's on pork."
Kenneth: "Please let it be turky."
Ronni: "Er...no, I didn't catch any meat. I did see a few bandits though. They said that they were going to rob a caravan not far from here."
Devan: "A caravan huh? Kenneth, Tell the solders that they are to go in pairs to the nearby villages and ask about any caravas or potential bandit hideouts."
Anthony: "And some food."
Devan: "...And tell them to get some provisions."
Kenneth: "Yes sir."
[Kenneth leaves]
Anthony: "What do we do now?"
Devan: "At the moment, wait. The best thing to do is be ready to pursue the bandits as soon we know where they are. I just hope that will be soon..."

(Elsewhere)
[Change to carriage scene (Note to self: Add carrage scene)]
[Charles onscreen]
Charles: "Sire, we will be arriving in Evergreen village in a few hours."
[Brock onscreen]
Brock: "Hmm...Evergreen... Isn't that near Evans?"
Charles: "Yes, it is."
Brock: "Perhaps we can pay Abigail a visit while we're nearby."
Charles: "I wouldn't advise it highness. You're well aware of how dangerous Duramontis is."
Brock: "You mean it being a thieves' den? That shouldn't be a problem for us or Evans."
Charles: "And there's the added fact that we shouldn't tarry anymore than we have to. We don't want to be found out. Besides, informing passed solders families
    of their loss is the responsibility of our curiours."
Brock: "I know, but I doubt anyone from the empire will find us here. Fine, we'll do it your way. I'll send a solder to tell her when we get home."
Charles: "Thank you sire. ...Your highness, pardon me for being blunt, but do you think we'll be headed into full scale war?"
Brock: "Knowing how stubborn my father and the emperer are, I wouldn't be surprised by a full on war. ...This conversation is getting too bleak for my liking.
    Want to play a few games of chess?"
Charles: "Alright, but be ready to have your royal rear handed to you on a silver platter."
Brock: "I wouldn't worry about that. after all, as a prince, it's my job to serve you."

(Later in Devan's camp)
[open to camp scene]
[Ronni and Devan onscreen]
Ronni: "Man I'm hungry. ...Hey Devan, gimme some of your jerky."
Devan: "No. You'll just have to wait for the solders to come back like the rest of us."
Ronni: "But what about you? You have enough jerky in there for a full meal. That's more than enough to tide the both of us over."
Devan: "I said no. It's my breakfast from when we left the castle anyway."
Ronni: "Wait, You mean you haven't eaten since-"
[Anthony onscreen]
Anthony: "Hey, Lordship! The bandits made an appearance just a mile west of here."
Devan: "Tell the solders to gather at the west side of camp immediately."
Anthony: "Aye."
[Anthony leaves]
Ronni: "The last time you ate was dinner two days ago?"
Devan: "Of course not. I just skipped breakfast yesterday. But nevermind that, we've got bigger fish to fry."
Ronni: "Please don't talk about fish..."

(A little later)
[Plains scene]
[Music change: Dramatic song]
[Brock and Charles onscreen]
Brock: "Dammit. Of course we're not two miles from Evergreen and we're getting attacked by bandits. Charles, how bad is it so far?"
Charles: "Things are not looking good Sire, they already stole our reserve weapons."
Brock: "Wait, you don't mean...?"
Charles: Yes, I'm afraid so. They stole our dragon effective weaponry.
Brock: "This day can't get any worse..."
Charles: "You might be right about that Your highness. Look, knights! And the're flying the banner of Duramontis!"
Brock: "That must be Devan. We might stand a chance after all. Men! Hold your ground until backup arrives! ...Alright Devan, how have you improved since we last
    met?"
(Battle start)

[Event one {Player phase 2}]:
    [Highlight Evans]
    [House scene]
    [Julianne onscreen]
    Julianne: "Sweep and clean. Cook and do laundry. Whew I feel like She's teaching me how to be a house wife instead of a solder..."
    Cirrus(Offscreen) "*shreak* *Roar*"
    Julianne: "Huh? What has Cirrus so upset? I better go check on him."
    [Abigail onscreen]
    Abigail: "Julianne, there's a bandit raid going on outside. The duke's forces have engaged and I'm going to aid them."
    Julianne: "You're going to help the duke? as in go ouy to the plains where the center of the fight is? Why?"
    Abigail: "When I was outside I could hear the cries of wyverns. That likely means that the bandits are attacking Cassis solders. And retired or not
        I still have to help them. You know what to do: Stay inside, keep the doors locked and-"
    Julianne: "And don't answer the door. I know Grandma."
    Abigail: "And be sure to finish your chores. I want this place spotless by the time I get back."
    Julianne: "Right...about that. I thought you said that you were going to teach me how to be a solder. So far, I've just learned the best ways to clean..."
    Abigail: "I told you before: If you want to be a wyvern knight someday, you're going to have to do the bottom of the barrel jobs like cleaning after your 
        wyvern. You know how messy they can get."
    Julianne: "But I can clean any mess Cirrus can make, and I even learned how to understand what he asks for. Don't you think I'm ready for a wyvern of my own?"
    Abigail: "I suppose so... But We can talk about that later. I can't waste anymore time. If I'm not back by eight, lock yourself in the celler and don't leave
        until I come back for you."
    Julianne: "Alright. Be careful Grandma."
    Abigail: "Of course I will Julie."
    [Abigail leaves Evans and flies to the northern forrest (Gameplay: She is an ally unit and remains stationary)]
    Abigail: "Alright, let's see what these curs can do!"

[Event two {Player phase 4}]:
    Bandit boss: "Shoot! This old crone is picking us off too fast. Where's the boss?"
    [Gregory Appears]
    Gregory: "What are you doing just standing there? Don't you have those axes we stole?"
    Bandit boos: "W-Well...yeah, but nobody with them can get close. Or want to."
    Gregory: "Of all the useless... Give me that axe. I'll handle her."
    Bandit boss: "Yes boss!"
    [Gregory moves adjacent to Abigail's position and initiates combat]
    (Combat) {
        Abigail: "Well well, looks like we have a brave one. Come here rookie. Let me show you how to wield an axe."
        [Abigail attacks with her brave axe and injures Gregory. Gregory Crits and kills Abigail]
        Abigail (Death): "No... I can't die here... Julianne... Cirrus, keep her safe..."
    }
    Gregory: "Ouch... Damned crone. But this axe is most definitely worth the trouble."
    [Cirrus flies back to Evans]
    Gregory: "Ugh! Just missed the wyvern. Would have sold for a hefty sum too... Oh well. Back to the rabble."
    [Gregory returns to Bandit boss]
    Gregory: "There I did your job for you. Tell the boys they're free to raid Evans."
    Bandit boss: "Aye boss. C'mon boys! It's time to strip Evans for all it's worth!"
    [Bandit despawn from around Abigail's old position and renforcements appear around Evans]
    [Highlight Evans]
    [House scene]
    Cirrus: "*Shreak*"
    [Julianne onscreen]
    Julianne: "That was Cirrus. What's Grandma doing here so soon?"
    [Town Scene Julianne onscreen]
    Julianne: "Grandma? ...Grandma? Cirrus, Where's Grandma?"
    Cirrus: "*Whimper*"
    Julianne: "If you're here by yourself then that means..."
    [Music change: Sad song]
    Julianne: "No... Grandma... She...she can't be dead... She's not supposed to die."
    Cirrus: "*Grumble* *Nudge*?"
    Julianne: "*sniff* What?"
    (Front door breaks down)
    Julianne: "Grandma?"
    First brigand (Offscreen): "Look at all this stuff! This has to be that wench's house."
    Second brigand (Offscreen): "Hey, didn't she have a granddaughter? I wonder if she's a looker..."
    First brigand (Offscreen): "Keep it in your pants! We're supposed to kill anyone we see... Like her!"
    Julianne: "Uh oh."
    Cirrus: "*Roar* *Growl*"
    Julianne: "Cirrus... Let's get out of here!"
    [Julianne leaves]
    First brigand: "Hey! Get back here!"
    [Julianne flies wildly for a bit and steps onto the tile Abigail was on]
    [Evans is destroyed]
    Julianne: "*Gasp* Grandma! Oh no... Grandma... What should I do...?"
    [Gameplay: Julianne is an ally unit and is stationary]
    [Music change: Chapter song]

    [If player visits Evans before turn 4]
    Anna: "Wow, you managed to reach this village so fast! I guess you should get something for your troubles... Oh! I know. (Game secret).
        Okay, now that you know that, I kinda have to give you a game over. Don't give me that look! that's what you get for cheating! Buh bye."
    [Game Over]
    
    Talk convos {
        Devan and Anthony:
            Anthony: "Hey Lordship, do you see those wyverns?"
            Devan: "I noticed. Clearly those aren't average merchants."
            Anthony: "And that's what bothers me. Every bandit in the country trembles at the thought of fighting a retired Cassis general. Why fight a bunch of
                wyvern knights?"
            Devan: "I have one answer in the back of my mind, and I really hope I'm wrong."
            Anthony: "And that is...?"
            Devan: "The bandit's are getting organized."
            Anthony: "More than usual? Oh, you mean like two decades ago."
            Devan: "Yes. You already know that most of the bandits are just very poor citizens. All they care about is stealing enough to feed themselves.
                It's rare for someone driven by greed to lead a group, but when it happens, and said someone knows what they're doing, things can turn disastrous
                very quickly."
            Anthony: "No need to tell me. My father died in those damned raids. I really hope that doesn't happen again."
            Devan: "I couldn't agree more. ...Let's get back to the battle. Even if the wyvern knights don't need our help, the villages sure do."
            Anthony: "Sure thing, Lordship!"
        
        Devan and Brock:
            Brock: "Devan! Great timing."
            Devan: "Brock? What are you doing with the caravan?"
            Brock: "We can talk about that later. What you should know is that the bandits stole our reserve weapons. Strong ones too."
            Devan: "That raises the question of why you have so many weapons that you would need to put them in reserve."
            Brock: "As said I'll explain later, but among the weapons in storage were dragon axes."
            Devan: "Meaning they're likely to attack Evans now that they have a means of fighting Abigail."
            Brock: "Exactly, but now that you're here, my men and I should be able to push forward against the enemy."
            Devan: "Then we shouldn't waste anymore time. Let's go."
        
        Ronni and Charles:
            Ronni: "Ah, hello there Charles, how's life treating you?"
            Charles: "...Really? You're asking me that question? In case you hadn't noticed, we're surounded!"
            Ronni: "Not anymore. We cut a path through the bandits. Though If you weren't diguised as merchants maybe you wouldn't have been ambushed."
            Charles: "We had our reasons for doing what we did. It's your job to make sure that these kinds of things don't happen."
            Ronni: "Entering Duramontis as a merchant is about the same as a deer walking into a pack of wolves."
            Charles: "Okay, moving on. Some bandits might be equiped with halberds and zanbatos. If I were you I'd be careful not to be knocked of that horse of 
                yours."
            Ronni: "And If I were you, I'd be careful not to let those archers shoot you off your wyvern. Falling from fifty feet up probably hurts, a lot."
            Charles: "...Thanks for that. Now that we have that out of the way, we should get back to the battle."
            [Charles leaves]
            Ronni: "Ah. Chareles, never change. Never change."
            
        Boss quote(Normal): "Oh no! they got this far? What are those dopes doing?"
        Boss quote(Death): "N-No! Please spare me! I-It wasn't my idea!"
    }
(Battle end)

[Plains scene]
[Devan, Brock and Charles onscreen]
Devan: "Quickly! We need to get to Evans!"
[Map loads and Julianne flies to Devan's position]
[Reload plains scene]
Brock: "Hold on... That wyvern looks familier..."
Charles: "It should. That's Abigail's wyvern."
Devan: "But Abigail isn't riding it..."
[Julianne onscreen]
Brock: "Hello. You must be Julianne."
Julianne: "Are...are you with the milatary?"
Devan: "They aren't, but I am. Are you Julianne?"
Julianne: "Y...yes..."
Brock: "It's good to know you're safe, but it is odd seeing Cirrus without Abigail. Do you know where she is."
Julianne: "W-well... She..."
Charles: "Out with it! There's no time to waste."
Brock: "Charles! Nevermind him. take you're time. Devan, you should do what you need to do before the bandits get away."
Devan: "Hmm? Ah... I see... Well then, I'll be taking my leave. But Brock, I'll be seeing you in Evergreen."
[Devan Leaves]
Julianne: "..."
Brock: "There's no need to tell us what happened to your grandmother, but could you please tell us what happened to Evans?"
Julianne: "Bandits...came and killed everyone... I don't know if anyone else survied..."
Brock: "I'm sorry... Is there anything I can do for you?"
Julianne: "No... I just...just need to be alone..."
Brock: "Alright. Charles, Take her to one of the carriages."
Charles: "Yes, your highness. This way miss Julianne."
[Charles and Julianne leave]
Brock: "Abigail... Damn those bandits! I won't let a single one live!"

(In the ruins of Evans)
[Highlight Evans' ruins]
[Devan, Kenneth, Ronni and Anthony onscreen]
Kenneth: "This is horrible. It's all burned to the ground..."
Devan: "Of course this is happening... We're going to Evergreen."
Kenneth: "Why? Shouldn't we look for any survivors? Or clues of where the bandits went?"
Anthony: "Where? They burned everything down. And we didn't take any prisioners. We don't have any leads."
Devan: "We might have one lead: Julianne."
Ronni: "Are you sure you should question her now? She seemed to be in pretty bad shock."
Devan: "I don't like it either, but we don't have much of a choice. We can't wait for the bandits to make their next move. 
Kenneth: "Wait, what about the survivors?"
Devan: I'll tell the solders to look for them. If there are any around, the solders will inform me. *sigh* Let's go."
[Devan, Ronni and Anthony leave]
Kenneth: "......(This smell... The ashes... No! Pull yourself together!)"
Devan (Offscreen): "Kenneth? We're leaving!"
Kenneth: "Oh! Right."
[Kennth leaves]

(In Evergreen)
[House scene]
[Devan and Brock onscreen]
Devan: "So this is where you are."
Brock: "Devan. Did anyone..."
Devan: "Make it out alive? I'm not sure, but it doesn't look like it."
Brock: "I can't believe this happened. And because of me no less..."
Devan: "It's not your fault. It's my responsibility to keep this dukedom safe."
Brock: "But the bandits stole our weapons, and somehow knew where they were."
Devan: "Interesting... We'll have to look into that later. How's Julianne?"
Brock: "I don't know. The last time I saw her, she was walking Cirrus into the stable."
Devan: "Cirrus?"
Brock: "Abigail's wyvern. Or Julianne's wyvern now."
Devan: "So Abigail did pass... I need to speak with Julianne. Maybe she has an idea of where the bandits went."
Brock: "Alright... Come with me."
[Scene change to village at night]
[Julianne onscreen]
Julianne: "......"
Brock (Offscreen): "Julianne?"
Julianne: "...?"
[Brock and Devan onscreen]
Brock: "Lord Devan would like to ask you some questions about what happened."
Devan: "We searched the area for any possible hints as to where the bandits went, but couldn't find any. Did you see or hear anything that could help?"
Julianne: "..."
Devan: "I know this is a terrible time, and that you are grieving, but if you know anything that might be able to lead us to those men, I need to know."
Julianne: "...I'm sorry. I didn't notice anything... After the bandits broke into my house, I flew away on Cirrus."
Devan: "I see... Well, we'll let you and Cirrus be alone now."
(The next day)
[Village scene]
[Brock and Charles onscreen]
Charles: "Sire, please reconsider."
Brock: "I won't hear anymore about it Charles."
Charles: "But we're at the last stages of our mission, and the king is expecting us to arrive next week!"
Brock: "I know. Go ahead and tell him that I'll be home soon. And that I needed to take care of something that just came up."
Charles: "But-"
Brock: "Go. That's an order."
Charles: "...Yes, Your Highness."
[Charles leaves]
[Devan appears]
Devan: "Brock? Shouldn't you be with the caravan? And why does Charles look so upset?"
Brock: "I'm going with you to take care of those bandits. They must answer for what they've done."
Devan: "Really? Don't you have to report to your father on your trip to the empire?"
Brock: "How did you know about that?"
Devan: "I asked some of the mercenary guards, and considering Cassis and Tolva are only in a cease fire, it wasn't too hard to figure out why the prince of Cassis was coming from Tolva."
Brock: "I hope you're the only one to find out. So I take it you have no objections?"
Devan: "Nope, the more the merrier."
[Julianne appears]
Julianne: "Then could I go too?"
Brock: "Julianne? what are you doing here? The caravan will be leaving any minute now."
Julianne: "I want to go with you to find those bandits."
Devan: "I'm sorry, but you can't. These bandits have already proved that they are more dangerous than initailly thought."
Julianne: "But isn't that why you should let me go? The army isn't that strong, and you only seem to have an advance team with you.
    Having an extra wyvern rider would be useful."
Brock: "You really know your stuff don't you?"
Julianne: "My grandmother tought me about strategy and how to use an axe and lance. I won't be a burden. Just...please let me avenge my grandma."
Devan: "*sigh*... Alright, but you will have to follow my every order. Understood?"
Julianne: "Yes sir! I won't let you down Duke Devan."
[Julianne leaves]
Devan: "...Brock, will you keep an eye on her? ...And please tell her not to call me Duke Devan."
Brock: "Hehe. Sure thing Duke."
