Arcs:

Arc 1: The beginning phase:
Devan and his knights continue a seemingly endless war with bandits
without respite in sight.
{
Champion year: 823, August 23
Chapter 1: Always with the bandits:
Devan is woken from the best sleep he's had in weeks to start a crusade to ward off yet another
bandit raid.

Champion year: 823, August 24
Chapter 2: Ongoing Raids:
Two days later The knights expect another difficult day of raider fighting, but they find something
they almost forgot existed: Help.

Help arrived in the form of Brock, a wyvern knight and young lord of the neighboring territory.
Brock updates Devan on the rising coup, the battles are heating up and people are forced to
pick sides.
After Brock scouts the surrounding area, the location of the bandits hideout is revealed.
Devan bids his friend farewell and presses on to the final battle of his crusade.

Champion Year 823, August 27
Chapter 3: An Empty Victory:


After the fight, Devan returns to his castle to lament on his victory that will only last a few weeks... if that.
}

Arc 2: The Prequel To War:
Dispite his protests, Devan and his troop are pulled from their posts at the dukedom to fight in 
the rising coup.
{
A messager from the emperor informs Devan and his that he and his finest are to fight in the war in aid of the empire.

Chapter 4: A Sacred Quest:
Before leaving his country's borders for a day, Devan and co. find bandits rading villages. Natrually, after years of fighting brigands,
it's impossible for devan to ignore the the raids. While fighting Devan notices a cleric and acolyte in the fight and assists them.

After the fight, the cleric introduces herself as Holly, a cleric from (Holy kingdom name), and her defender (Acolyte name).
Holly was sent on a pilgrimage by the pontifex of (holy kingdom name) to preach to unbelievers (A mission she finds suspect).
The young cleric decides to accompany Devan to the front lines of battle. After all, what better audience is there than injured solders you're healing?

Chapter 5: Interception:
A week after the the fight against the bandits, The (Douchy name) army find themselves the targets of an ambush by the solders of (Markos country name).
Appreciating the irony of his friend's army attacking him after receiving help from Brock a month ago, he grabs his lance and runs/rides into battle.

After the battle it sets in that former friends, dispite their small number, are now enemies.

Story Segment:
Five days after their last skirmish, Devan and company finally arive at Tolva. The knights (and others) go to the barrock to rest while Devan goes into
the palace to report for duty. In the palace Devan meets Grace, the ruling warrior queen of Solaris, And Emperor Tiberius to discuss stratagy.
After a long drawn out discussion, it is decided that Devan will meet the with emperial army on the northern front while Grace's forces go to the southern 
front. Grace herself however, will return to her own homeland to defend it from possible attackers

After the war counsel Devan encounters Alexandra, the princess of Tolva. Alexandra was listening in on the conversation and had intentions of joining the
war. She figured that it would be easier to follow Devan's forces since they were fewer than Grace's. The only problem for the princess was avoiding her
retainer, Evelyn.

Chapter 6: Cooler Heads:
Devan and his well rested troops march off to the northern battle front while making good time, however their progress is impeded by an advance squad of
(Dark country name) solders surrounding a lone woman. The cammander of the enemy force was attempting to silence the woman to make sure no one cought wind
of their presence. Knowing that the solders were there, Devan intended to follow them and attack while they were asleep, but Alexandra intervined to get
in his way and insist that Devan help the woman.

It so happened that the young woman was actually Amber of the (Anima country name). Alexandra recgonized Amber as the primary bearer of Seanan's blood.
Devan and Alexandra inquire about Amber's destination, Amber after a small chuckle states that she's just wandering the continent.
As Amber is preparing to leave, Devan confronts Alexandra about her following him. After a short back and forth Devan decides to ask Amber to take
Alexandra back to the empirial captial. As Devan was about to make his request, Amber tells Devan that she has decided to join the army (For a reason
she wouldn't say). The only options for Devan were to send a small group of solders to escort the princess back home, or take her with them.
The group was already small, and if Alexandra was harmed Devan would likely be held responsible, so The young duke made the latter choice and
Brought the doughter of the man who held Devan's life his hand to the battle field.

Chapter 7: Field training:
Alexandra points Devan in the direction of a shortcut that passes by a small town, perfect for winter supplies.
The group enter town to find it's occupied by emperial deserters the villager's money rooms and women as "payment for their protection".
}
Arc 3: The Crumbling Empire:
With the capture of the emperor, the empire is thrown into chaos. Each of the eight territories
Battle for a piece of the fallen land. Devan however is convinced by the emperor's daughter to 
free the imprisoned ruler.

Arc 4: Outside Forces:
The emperor is free for only a day before news spreads of neighboring kingdoms invading amidst the
chaos. In light of this, most territories join together to push back the invaders

Arc 5: The Final Clash:
With the neighboring kingdoms put in their place, some territories are willing to parly, but
The most powerful alliance of territories are putting up one last fight.
